---
title: 'May has been a really tiring month'
description: "Fatigue despite going on a break, is this what being an adult feels like?"
date: 2025-05-29
---


I’ve taken a long time to put together my thoughts this month. For some reason unknown to me I’ve been feeling exhausted easily despite getting proper rest, exercise, and diet in my daily routine. If I had to describe it, the sensation feels something like walking trying to walk through a baby pool with shin deep water - not enough to entirely resist you, but enough to drain you out.

I took a week off work and finally tried out surfing for the first time in my life in Kochi, Japan. There are definitely more accessible options within the Bali region but I also figured that I really wanted to check out the less visited parts of Japan. One thing I like to do when visiting rural areas is to find out the population density and then compare it to Singapore’s. I spent majority of my time in Shimanto within Kochi, and the magic number this round is - 52 : 8,387 per Km². 

With the downtime I also managed to catch up on newsletters. The ones that stood out to me unsurprisingly discuss the relationships between generative artificial intelligence and labour. My hot take is that as problem solvers or builders, we must draw the line and understand that the ease of being able to build something does not immediately correlate to solving the problem, nor does it mean that we’ve built something of value. The fact that these tools accelerate our work simply mean that we should perhaps spend the time saved to focus on the first principles of our craft, understanding what ‘good’ even means to begin with.

https://henry.codes/writing/economics-and-labor-rights-in-ai-skepticism

> Capital will always choose the interests of capital over the interests of labor — it must do this to survive.
> 

https://terminal.ahumanfuture.co/posts/2025-05-12/this-future-must-include-us-all-even-figma

> It is a result of the pervasive philosophy that the most powerful companies in the world get to talk constantly about 'disruption', and 'changing the world' - without listening to the answers of the immediate follow up questions: *"Who are you changing this for?"* and *"In what ways are you changing it for them?"*.
> 

https://whitep4nth3r.com/blog/the-promise-that-wasnt-kept

> The tools someone uses to build a kitchen are only as good as the skills of the person using them.
> 

[https://productpicnic.beehiiv.com/p/the-everything-app-is-a-symptom-of-nothing-management-part-](https://productpicnic.beehiiv.com/p/the-everything-app-is-a-symptom-of-nothing-management-part-1)

> It’s easy to get the team excited about building Everything, too. Devs will never sit idle and PMs can cut ticket after ticket without thinking too hard. Building an Everything App is smooth sailing – up until the point that you launch it. And then it fails.
>